Es
[crying]
o- sweet boy..
- Say, "hi. Hi, baby."
- hi.
Seeing my two sons together
feels so complete.
- Robyn, you gotta
get out of the bed.
Go do somethin'.
- All right.
- I'm tired of it.
- I want us to go on a trip
to williamsburg
hosted by yours truly.
[cheering]
- okay.
- it was not her first time
on a pole-- not.
- There are only four rooms
in the main house,
and then the other rooms
are in a cottage.
- So, who's in
the main house?
- Mia.
- I've made it.
- Robyn. And gizelle.
- Whoo!
- Mia's with the cool people.
- I want to introduce you guys
to my new friends, happy ness.
[cheering]
- this isn't the wendy
that we knew before.
- Un-uh.
- There is a rumor out.
Supposedly, eddie has
a girlfriend or somethin'.
I don't believe them,
but it could be that
'cause she knows the rumor,
she's trying
to overcompensate.
- We're here!
[cheering]
♪♪
- I have never said anything
about ray dying, okay?
- You owe my family
an apology
because it hurt them.
- No.
- She did not wish death
on your husband.
- I want ray to live.
I want him
to pay his bills.
♪♪
- the secret
to this pretty face
is stayin' in the shade.
- If you wanna pop off,
I'll be happy
to get you adjusted.
- I may keep you waiting,
but trust me, I'm worth it.
- The only thing messier
than two boys is me.
- My blessings are many,
and my patience is none.
- This professor doesn't
just grade on the curve.
She sets the curve.
- The grand dame can never
be duplicated,
imitated,
or intimidated.
- I want ray to live.
I want him
to pay his bills.
The irs wants him
Ray needs to live until
all of that is taken care of.
- This is old.
Bring something new.
- You're bringing up
the old sh--!
I'm not bringing up
anything old.
- Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
- You're bringing up somethin'
that happened...
One, two, three,
four years ago.
- In all fairness, karen,
I'll be honest with you.
Based on what you said
that gizelle said--
- mm-hmm.
- Hmm.
- To me, that's not
wishing death on someone.
- You're gonna need
to attract...
- Yes.
- ...Guys while you can.
- He will be buried six feet
under before this fades.
- Hold on. Hold on.
The point is-- okay, semantics.
So, we're twisting words.
- So, take it-- so, no,
it's more than semantics.
- Semantics? Semantics?
- Oh, but I-- I hear what
you're saying, robyn.
- Because when you--
because listen,
when you're talkin' to mia,
and you're saying,
"oh, that gizelle,
she wished death on my husband,"
if 'm mia,
I'm like, oh, my god,
"that bitch is ----ed up.
- Well, I didn't say
that, but--
- I didn't want to drag you
all into this.
This is between gizelle
and I, to be honest.
- You've both done sh--
to each other.
- I'm gonna allow you
to read everything
that's on the back
of my shirt.
- "free karen".
"free uncle ben".
- What does it say?
- "tax reform".
- Gizelle,
you tacky as hell.
How dare you?
You are a clown that comes
into everyone's paid event,
sponsored event,
and tries to tear--
- no, that's the clown.
That's the clown.
- I'm not gonna do that.
I'm not gonna do that.
That's disrespectful.
I think it's bullsh--
you attacking me at this table
when I asked you a simple
----ing question.
You will never ----in'
disrespect me again.
Do you understand it?
Receive it!
- Okay.
[overlapped chatter]
- everybody has.
It's disrespecting
your parents.
- You did.
- Y'all are too old
to be yellin'
in the lobby.
- Is it true that jamal
has, as your father said,
just recently
had another baby
with another woman
while he was dating you?
- Karen, I've heard you say
things that gizelle has done,
but, karen, a lot of
that stuff is old.
You have said some really
sh---y things to karen
in the past.
- Yes, that I've apologized for.
That I've apologized for.
- Bottom line,
take a moment
to listen to each other
'cause you both talk over
each other...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...And work it out.
- I'm gonna tell you
'cause I feel like
I'm in the middle.
I feel like we can have
just a great time
if you guys can mend this.
- I second that.
It's very awkward.
- Awkward.
- Especially for me to
physically be in between y'all.
♪♪
we just got here after,
like, a three hour bus ride.
I thought we were gonna
have some nice salad.
I mean, one minute,
we were enjoying the view,
and then the next minute,
it was you said this,
you said this,
and it's like,
let's just
kiss and make up.
- Well--
- I hate for anybody to ever
get so stuck in a position
that they can't just
acknowledge the fact
that you hurt someone.
Forget about why.
- She didn't do that.
She hasn't done that.
- Karen, and I'm directing
that to you, too,
as a friend.
Acknowledge her.
- I'm open to throwing it
all in the trash can. Ba-boom!
As in the relationship,
trash can,
because she can't fix her face
to apologize.
- Until I hear that you
acknowledge and you regret
choosing to use
the word "death"
when talking about
my husband,
I, too, am done.
- This is my request.
- Yeah, okay.
- I think that
you are mature enough
to take this
away from this table.
No-- nothing is ever
solved in a group.
I stand by that.
- That's true.
I agree with you.
- I think, at some point
during this week,
you can work it out
and you can fix it.
But if you can't do that,
then walk away from it,
but take the time
away from us to decide that.
They've been fighting non-stop
for so many years.
It's childish,
and it really needs to stop.
Please stop
this incessant fussing.
- I can't wait to see
where we're staying.
- We should go
and check the rooms out.
- I'll take you guys
over to the cottage.
- Ta-ta for now.
[laughing]
- alrighty.
I'll see you in
a couple hours.
- Yes. You good?
- You good?
'cause I'm good. Okay.
- Girl, solid, solid.
- Are y'all ready?
- Yes.
- Yes, we are.
- Are you going over
to the second house?
- I'm going to the cottage.
- The lower quarters.
- Goodbye.
[laughing]
- I feel bad that
askale is not in the house
with me.
Like, she's my friend,
but I'm not about
to leave the estate
and go to the cottage.
Sorry, askale.
[laughing]
- let's get you
to your cottage.
- Is it still raining?
- Yeah.
- I got you, karen.
- Thank you. Appreciate it.
- I'll be your little
boyfriend for the weekend,
you know?
- Oh, no. No, no.
- No, just your
umbrella boyfriend.
- Okay.
- No other services
will be provided.
- None? Okay, darn.
- None. Just the umbrella.
[laughing]
- all right.
- Hi, honey!
I miss you.
- I miss you, too.
- Are you still
in your pajamas?
- No.
- Honey, I just wanted
to call you before
'cause I'm getting ready
to shower.
We're gonna go to dinner.
- Hi, buddy.
- I can see you.
- You can see me.
We finally got here.
It took all day.
Look. Look at this
pretty house I'm in.
This is my room.
- Nice.
- Nice, right?
All right. Love you, bud.
- All right.
Talk to you later.
♪♪
- I'm excited to see
where you have us.
- Let's see here.
♪♪
[record scratching]
- you've got a balcony.
It's cute, right?
- Okay. Yes, it is.
- It is cozy, a cottage.
- It's a very nice
little cottage,
and I is safe
from gizelle.
I don't know what she would do
if I slept in the same house.
Probably show up in the middle
of the night over my bed.
You give it to me now
in the darkness of the night.
I don't know.
[laughing]
- ooh, I like the depth
of this room, too.
- Yeah.
- I'm happy.
There is peace in this room.
Listen.
-Yes.
- Everybody be quiet.
[crickets chirping]
hear the crickets?
Same sound gizelle made
when I sent the message
apologizing to everybody,
waiting for a response.
I said, "I apologize,'
and we heard crickets.
- Karen, you could
have texted her.
- Coming up next...
- I do wanna say,
"look, wendy,
"anybody who is making
these kind of changes,
"something is off."
- something--
- there are some cheating
allegations with her husband.
- What's goin' on?
- Hey, babe.
- How are you?
- We've only been here
for maybe an hour,
and it's like dramafest
already.
- Is it nice?
- It's so heavy, karen.
- What the hell?
- They're at an equivalent of
a five star accommodation,
and we have solid three.
- Un-uh.
I'ma get this side.
- Oh, no, you're not.
No, you're not.
- Yes, come on. Let's go.
- Y'all need help?
- Yeah, we gotta take
her luggage upstairs.
She can't lift anything.
- Okay, I'll help y'all.
Let me just take
these shoes off.
- I just called her--
- you called her taskale.
[laughing]
- I mispronounced
your name.
I'm so sorry.
- Like a tesla-- taskale.
Okay, I like that.
- It's your fault.
I texted you as soon
as we met each other.
I said,
"I'd like to meet you.
"I'd like to spend
some time wit' you."
wendy-- wendy,
no, you don't.
- Where's the bell person?
♪♪
- so, is there any way
somebody could help us
take some of the bags
upstairs? Oh, that's you.
Okay, so the purple one
is coming with me. Yeah.
- Whew. I did reach out...
- Let me-- bye, baby.
- ...And say,
"let's do tea or somethin'."
yes. All right.
Hold up.
- And I've been waitin'
for my tea ever since.
I didn't know it was being
imported from london?
- Well-- no, you're not
doing anything, wendy.
- Somebody get that side.
- You, too? Okay.
- Okay, aww.
- We gotta take a break.
- Okay.
- Oh, sh--! I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you--
- wendy, don't touch anything.
- Wendy, don't touch it, girl.
You just had surgery.
- Okay.
- Ooh, okay.
- I'm sweating y'all.
- Okay. Oh! Wendy--
I don't-- I'm--
- oh, thank you, guys.
I appreciate you guys.
Askale, you done busted me
in my sh--.
- You slapped her.
[laughing]
- oh, my gosh!
♪♪
- holding it down,
huh, honey?
- I would say.
- Oh, honey, it's--
you're letting him play
in the paint, right now?
- It's got a tiny, little bit
of paint in there.
We're being very careful.
- Well, you-- you have your
hands full, right now.
So, he's quick.
He's, like, lightning fast.
We need to still
get dean dressed.
So, let me take dylan.
- Okay.
- Does dean need
a diaper change?
- Oh, I'll check that out.
Here, buddy.
Oh, oh.
- Got a poopy?
- I think so.
- Michael and I
are currently in
unchartered territory.
Okay, booby, please don't
blow out this one yet.
This is the only one
I have.
[dean babbling]
- okay.
- We now have two children.
- He loves his shirt.
You ready?
- Let's see.
Wow! Look at my boy.
Oh, I love it.
Honey, give him a snack.
That's two diapers
that need to be changed.
That's two babies
that need to be fed
and then a toddler
to run around after.
And somehow,
we are keeping it going.
You guys look amazing
in your outfits.
I love it.
Bubby, please keep eating
so that you're nice and full
for your pictures, okay?
- All right.
Let's be very careful.
- We should start cleaning up
a little bit
because where can we shoot
that doesn't have toys
in the background?
- Where is the
photographer?
- She should be here
any minute.
We're not quite ready, though.
Maybe we'll just make this--
make this area clear,
and we'll sit there.
Okay, you know what?
[sighs]
I'm a little stressed out.
- Yep.
- Daddy has to
put it away, okay?
- No.
[knocking]
- I'll get it.
- Okay, thank you, honey.
Okay, booby,
can you put your truck books,
um, somewhere?
- Hello.
- Hello. How are you guys?
- You must be
the photographer.
- Hi.
- Hi. I am.
Hi.
Hi, buddy.
- This is dean.
- Can I have five?
[buzzer sounds]
we'll be friends soon.
It's okay.
- Yeah.
- All right.
So, where shall I set up?
Wherever?
- We don't know.
I mean, we have
a lot of toys around.
- Right, right.
- So, anywhere that
we can kinda make it.
- Okay.
I'm gonna bring in
some stuff
and then start settin' up.
- All right.
- Look at your shirt.
It's blue just like daddy's.
[groans]
you wanna-- you wanna
make her look--
him look more
like you, too, babe?
We don't want that?
- Honey, this baby
looks like me.
- And this baby
- Are you ready?
All right.
I'm gonna do one of you guys
standing for a second.
You guys, this is
gonna be really pretty.
- Come on, big guy.
You're gonna be
in the picture.
- Okay, you guys,
looking at me.
One, two, three.
Oh, this is so cute.
Oh, my gosh.
This is so cute.
Okay, I'm gonna have
you guys sittin' down.
You wanna see brother?
I'm gonna get your toesies.
[laughing]
I'm gonna try some
with just, uh,
mom and baby really quick.
♪♪
okay, let's do dad
and the boys.
Ooh, yeah.
- That's so nice.
- Everyone look at the baby.
- Can you point at the baby?
- Where'd he go?
- Here, look, here it is.
- That's my breast.
- That's okay.
It's okay.
We got that one.
- Oh, yeah.
- Okay, I'm gonna bring in
some more stuff and then--
- and this.
- Okay.
I'm looking forward to
seeing your outfits.
- Okay. Yay.
- I'm really glad
we're getting these done.
I was worried that, you know,
with his bilirubin and stuff
if we should push it back.
- His look is good.
It's just he's not
sleeping very well.
That's the--
that's the problem.
- I know.
If a baby has high bilirubin,
they become jaundiced,
and typically,
they put them under
these special lights
at the hospital,
but because I could not wait
to get back to dean,
I did the light therapy at home.
He sleeps during the day--
just not at night.
[laughing]
- yeah, last night
was kinda tough.
- His jaundice is
going away but...
[sighs]
my body is tired.
My mind is tired.
My soul is just tired.
I'm not opposed to
calling a night nurse, okay?
- Yeah, we can.
- I'm thinking about it
'cause I started crying
again last night.
It was very tough.
- Thank you, buddy.
You want more?
- Thank you for
enduring it with me.
- No, it's all right.
- The other day,
when gizelle came by,
I thought I was gonna be
like a zombie.
- Mm-hmm.
- But sometimes,
seeing my friend,
like, I actually felt
really energized,
and I forgot I was tired,
you know?
- Yeah, good.
Nice.
- Okay, you wanna eat
a little something?
Gizelle informed me that
candiace invited the ladies
to go to williamsburg, virginia.
- Nice place, yeah.
- Have you been
invited on this trip?
- No.
- I'm inviting you
on the trip.
Maybe you can come
for a day.
- Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
They actually left
this morning,
and tomorrow I think
maybe just a day I'll go down.
- Okay, it'll be fun.
- What do you think?
- Yeah, I think you should.
It's a good thing to do.
- Yeah.
I caught myself getting
a little emotional
the other day.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I had to, like, you know,
reel it in a little bit.
Postpartum depression
was a very difficult hurdle
for me to overcome
after my first baby.
Something is really not right.
- You're struggling.
- I'm struggling.
- Yeah.
- And I'm trying to get myself
back into the rhythm
of being with my friends
and not becoming
this hermit, again.
So, daisy would have dean
'cause it is a weekday.
- Yeah, okay.
I'll take this
boy to work.
- Take dylan to work?
- Yeah.
- What?
Honey, how would you
get any work done?
- I've got-- I've got
five women at work
that would very haily
help me look after him.
Thanks, buddy.
[laughing]
- they're going for, like,
the weekend,
and I said that's just
a bit much for me.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I have no intentions
of cozying up to candiace.
We're not overly friendly
with each other,
but we're cordial.
[laughing]
I ain't even
really thinkin' about candiace.
Really, all I'm thinking about
is myself.
It's candiace's trip.
Oh, okay.
Hey, candiace, girl,
how you doin'?
All right.
Good to see you. Bye.
More importantly
that we discussed
was that gizelle really is ready
to start dating now.
Did you tell jamal that
you are considering dating?
- No.
With that, no.
You know, we talked about
the pandemic relationship
isn't working.
- There probably is
a nice man suited for you.
- Yeah.
- I wish I could build him.
I would build him
perfectly for you.
- Would he have a large penis?
Minion size.
- Well, I'm not
trying to maim you.
Yeah.
[laughing]
- well, that's big.
Yeah.
- I know.
So, I was thinking maybe
if you knew anybody
in that beautiful
head of yours.
- Um, nothing comes to mind.
Did they get married yet?
- No, they haven't
gotten married yet.
Robyn says she's waiting
'til the pandemic ends.
- I told ya.
I said it wouldn't happen.
- Ashley just told me
that you feel like
they're never gonna get married.
- Juan has been reluctant
previously to commit,
as we all know.
- I have to go
check on juan dixon
'cause it's happening.
- Maybe it won't.
If you're gonna get married,
you're gonna get married.
So, that's a long time,
isn't it?
♪♪
- cute.
- I'm having
a versace night.
I am feeling my new body.
Versace knew happy and ness
were coming,
and this was made just for me.
Versace.
- Askale!
- Yes!
- Hi. Oh, hello, diva.
- Hello.
- Let's toast.
Ready?
- Toast to
a wonderful evening.
- Cheers. Yay.
- Yes.
- Yeah, I'm gonna--
I'm gonna be in trouble.
Did you check in
with your husband
when you just got in?
- You know I did.
- No, I didn't.
- I miss them so much already.
- Hold on. Hold on.
- Yes. Please check in.
- Oops.
He's my best friend and--
don't make me--
- that's beautiful. Aww.
- Yeah, I love ray.
I love him.
- That is so beautiful.
- That's why
I soldier for him.
Don't talk about ray.
- I, honey, I'm the same
about my husband.
- Honey, yes.
- I am the same.
- Robbie d.!
[knocking]
- gizzy.
- Are you decent?
- I'm decent.
- Okay, good.
- Oh, thank you.
Um, so, you know this balcony
connects our-our rooms.
- Yes.
- Come on, mama.
Come on, now.
- Okay, yes.
- Hi, happiness.
How ya doin'?
- I love it.
- Y'all look good.
- You look beautiful.
- We are ready.
- All right.
Let's go.
- You know what?
I think I'm changing
my sliding glass door.
- In the basement?
- In the basement, yeah.
It needs to go.
I-I want this.
This house is amazing.
Yeah.
- Isn't it amazing?
- I wonder if wendy likes
the servant quarters, honey.
[laughing]
- the cottage is very cute.
- It's cute.
- Wendy, you are giving me
all these looks.
- You're giving side-eye.
You ain't even seen it.
- It's so cute.
- The fact that it's a lesser,
I don't need to see it.
I just know it ain't it.
- Can we talk about wendy,
but, like, really quickly?
Somethin' is not--
somethin' is off.
- Something is--
yeah.
I'm almost happy that
you brought that up.
- Right.
- So that I know that
I'm not the only person
that's thinking something
is different.
- I do wanna say,
"look, wendy,
"I've seen more of your skin
in the past month"--
- than you did
the whole year before.
- Yeah.
You know, dress
the way wanna dress.
- Yeah.
- But, like, what's up
with the sudden change?
- I mean, I get it.
You spent money on a new body.
- Cool.
- You wanna show it off.
It's just such a big difference
from dr. Wendy the professor.
Like, that's just-- it's weird.
- Yes.
- Ahh.
Not only are we in the cottage,
but we gotta ring the bell!
- Uh-uh.
- What in the bullsh--?
Look at her.
She's about to be like,
"welcome to my estate."
[laughing]
- hello, ladies.
- Oh, you know what it is?
We don't have a key
to the front door.
We need to ask for the key
- Welcome back!
- Thank you.
- I feel like her personality
is a little different.
- Yeah, but, like, what?
Like, I can't put
my finger on it.
- Right.
- Like today, on the bus,
I was like something is
different about you.
- That ----ing bodysuit,
that made
my ----ing crotch hurt.
Like--
[laughing]
- are you going to the bathroom?
- No, I just have a wedgie.
- Oh, okay.
- No wonder she has a wedgie--
it's a bodysuit.
Despite the physical changes,
I just feel like
something is off.
For me, I just wanna know--
are you okay?
- That's what
I wanna know, too.
- Girl-a, come on,
um, leather together.
- Yes.
Yes, come on.
- Oh, my god.
Dr. Wendy is gone,
and I hope new booty wendy
is here to stay, honey,
and new titties, too.
- When I met her last year,
like, she exuded substance.
- Yes.
- I instantly liked her.
We instantly connected.
I almost wonder,
if I was to meet her today,
if it would be the same way.
- Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
- This is not the same wendy
that I hit it off with.
The old wendy was
confident and secure.
Zen wen is confused as hell.
- Hmm.
- I am zen wen.
So, do not try to come for me
because what I do have
and what I will always have,
is time.
So, tick tock, mia.
- I'm all about
body positivity,
but she feels colder.
And honestly, I'm concerned
because this is not
the wendy that I first met.
- Look, we're friends.
- I guess.
- We can have a conversation
about it.
- Yeah, yeah.
- It's not like--
there's no judgment.
It's just like, hey, girl,
like, explain this.
- Right.
- While I'm here, let me
survey the grounds, chile.
- Anybody who is
making these kinda changes,
somethin' is not--
somethin' is off.
- Something is-- yeah.
- And to be honest, there are
some cheating allegations
with her husband.
- Yeah, I heard the rumor,
but I don't believe it.
- No, not at all.
- It's a touchy topic.
- It is.
A part of me feels like
it could be that
because she knows the rumor,
she's trying to overcompensate,
not that it's true.
You know what I mean?
- What's goin' on?
- Aww, hey.
♪♪
anybody who is making
these kinda changes,
somethin' is off.
There are some cheating
allegations with her husband.
A part of me feels like
it could be that
because she knows the rumor,
she's trying to overcompensate,
not that it's true.
You know what I mean?
- What's goin' on?
- Aww, hey.
- Were y'all having
a deep conversation?
- No. No, not at all.
- No, no, no.
We were-we were
just chitchattin'.
- I really don't care
how wendy dresses,
but this is a 180
in a different direction
from the person that
I got to know last year.
- Hello.
- Who is-- who is--
who is that?
- Hello.
- Hi, guys, it's me.
- Hey.
Wendy is making some very big
and different changes.
And typically,
when that happens,
there's something else
going on.
- Oh, this is how y'all live.
- Do you see this
whole patio up here?
- Oh, you haven't
been up here?
How are you accommodations?
- Scale of one to ten.
- A four and a--
- do you feel like
you're at servant's quarters?
- Aww, I'm sorry.
I take responsibility.
- Absolutely.
[laughing]
- all right.
Come on.
Let's-- let's--
let's rock, ladies.
- I'm so glad I came up here.
- Hello, la-ties.
- Hi!
- Gifties.
- Look at you.
You come bearing gifts.
- You know,
it's not my love language,
but I feel like
it's everybody else's.
- It's mine to get gifts.
- Yes.
These are just welcome gifts.
- Thank you.
That's so nice of you.
- Can we open it?
- Okay.
- Open them.
- Yay!
- Yes! Yes!
- Okay.
Oh, a robe?
- Yes.
- You can never
have enough robes.
- You can never.
- What is this?
- Whose head is this?
- Huh? Is that too big?
- Way.
- What is that?
Swim caps?
- She's trying to say
we got some big-ass heads.
- That looks like
a big-ass condom.
Whose dick is
fittin' in that?
- We all know candiace
loves condoms.
- Y'all still use condoms?
What?
- What is the--
what's the problem?
- You need to consummate
your damn marriage.
- Thank you.
- But we--
- but she can keep them
for herself
and chris' brown dick.
[laughing]
- I know I got
a big head, but damn.
- What is the swim cap for?
- Candiace has allowed me
to take over a little bit.
So, tomorrow, I was
going to have, like,
a little water aerobics
with you ladies
in the morning.
- Oh, god.
- I have a whole
class planned.
- Yeah, just--
- are you leading it?
- I'm leading
the class, yes.
- Isn't water aerobics
for old-ass people?
- Congratulations for karen.
Her geritol just kicked in.
Okay.
- Honey, your old ass
is 50 years old, okay?
- Oh, oh, okay.
- I'm just saying.
- But you don't have to wear
that swim cap for your head
'cause that looked crazy.
- Okay, so our cars are here.
- Oh, okay, let's go.
- So, we're ready to go.
Off we go.
♪♪
[laughing]
- okay.
- Hi, we have
a reservation for 7.
- I'll sit down.
- Well, this is cute.
- Thank you.
- Yes. Yeah.
So, where is the rest
of the menu?
- That's it.
- Oh,
we pick an-an entrée.
- One of these four options.
- Yeah.
- I just wanted to see.
Was there anything that
I could get you all to drink
right off the bat?
- We're, like, ready.
- We're ready to go?
- We're ready.
- Yeah, we're ready to rock.
- For everything?
- Yes.
- All right, gotcha.
I can, uh, start
with you, ma'am,
if you know wat you'd like.
- Okay, great.
Can I have a grey goose
dirty martini?
- Yes, ma'am.
- I would like the salmon.
- I am going to try
the chocolate espresso martini,
please.
- Yes, ma'am.
- I will do
the grilled tuna, please.
- All right.
- What are we doing tomorrow?
- We'll have breakfast.
After breakfast,
we will do
gizelle's synchronized
swimming activity.
- Actually, it's
water aerobics.
- Oh.
- It's water aerobics.
- I will have the blackened
atlantic salmon.
- Why am I calling it
synchronized swimming?
- It's water aerobics.
- Oh, okay.
- I like synchronized
swimming better.
- We're doing water aerobics.
- Yes.
- I can't wait to
see you all do this.
- So, you're not
doing water aerobics?
- No, I have--
this has to last me
through the swearing in.
Friday, I'm being sworn in
as the ambassador
to surrey county, virginia.
I invited mia already,
and, you know,
I would love it, wendy,
if you would come,
as well.
So, I'm not
messing up my hair
with a pool swim
with satan.
- After that, we're
actually having
a whiskey distillery
come to us.
- Whiskey wendy.
- Oh, jesus.
How many names you gonna get?
- I-I have-- I have
so many layers.
- So many.
- Now, some of us have
been to a whiskey tasting.
- Bottom's up.
Bottom's up.
- I'm a champagne girl.
Brown liquor ain't for me.
- It tastes like
butt crack.
[laughing]
that's a no.
That was a long time ago.
But, hopefully, ashley
will have made it by then.
- Cheers.
- Cheers, ladies.
- Are we doing a toast?
- Yeah.
- Yes. Cheers.
- All: Cheers.
- To us.
- Cheers.
- Cheers to us.
- Now, that's excellent.
- Oh, my gosh, it's very good.
- Ooh, it is very good.
It's great.
- Here we are.
- Mmm.
- I love
a charcuterie board.
- Oh, yeah.
- I need to learn
how to make pretty ones.
Sometimes I feel weird
that chris cooks.
- Mm-hmm.
- And our gender roles
are very reversed.
- How does he feel
about your new busyness?
- Yes.
- And, you know,
just everything
that you're doing.
- He literally
believes in me
more than I believe
in myself.
- There you go.
- Yeah.
- Nice.
- I love that.
- He pushes me.
He's like,
"you need to get
this, this, and this done."
- mm-hmm.
- That's where husbanger
comes in.
- Your photo shoot, do you
have everything for that?
- I don't know.
- It's very hard for me
to manage things
if I don't know
the details.
- And he keeps me
on my feet.
- So, do you pay him?
- In love and affection.
- You just give him booty.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay, that's good.
- At what point does, like,
manager have his off hours?
- We have these arguments
sometimes.
- So how does that work?
- I can imagine, yeah.
- Because I will go to
the studio in the daytime
and then come home,
and I'm tired,
and he's like,
"what are you doing?
You need to do this video
for this thing."
and I wanna be like,
"skirr, it's 10 o'clock."
- right.
- So, we do kinda
have to work that out.
- He's gonna be
kris jenner now for you.
- No.
- Like, how does your mother
feel about this?
- She doesn't like it.
- Yes.
I really don't like
that you are making
assumptions that chris
is trying to
take money from me.
If I thought that chris
would ever skate and float
while I make all the money,
I would not have married him.
- Right.
Quick, can I just say
one more thing?
You don't wanna ever look
at him and resent him.
- Yeah.
- Because you're getting
your hustle on,
and he might not be.
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
- You know what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
- So, you think him being
the manager
is holding him back
from getting his hustle on?
- I'm thinking that's
on her coattails.
- Mmm.
I while I make all the money,
would ever skate and float
I would not have married him.
- Right.
You don't wanna ever
look at him and resent him.
- Yeah.
- Because you're getting
your hustle on,
and he might not be.
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
- You know what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
- So, you think him being
the manager
is holding him back
from getting his hustle on?
- I'm thinking that's
on her coattails.
- I can understand,
but I also understand
my marriage.
- Okay.
- Whoo.
- And I understand
our dynamic.
- Okay.
- And that's on what?
- The bottom line is,
you trust your husband.
- Yes, yeah.
- And that's all that matters.
- Yes.
- When you talked
about chris
telling you to get up
off the couch,
he sounds like juan
telling me to get up out--
out of the bed.
- Oh, my.
- Because I don't know
what it is,
but I've been, like,
unmotivated lately.
I will lay in the bed
until, like, 10 o'clock.
- Mm-hmm.
- What?
- And then
I'll watch tv until 11.
- Mm-hmm.
- What?
- And then I'm startin'
my day at 12
with a cup of coffee.
- Uh-uh.
- Oh, girl.
- The day is gone.
- But I'm also trying
to figure out
why can't I just get up
because I have a ton
of sh-- that I need to do.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's, like, affecting
my relationship.
- Oh.
- Because juan is like,
"that's not attractive."
- what?
- You say 12.
- He's, like, dead serious?
- He is dead serious.
- Did it make you
make any changes,
or are you, like,
real comfortable
gettin' back in that bed?
- I have-I have
not made any changes.
So, look.
- You haven't made any changes?
Is he not wanting
to rush down the aisle
because of this?
No man wants to
marry unattractive.
♪♪
- when my friends
are in need,
I pick them up,
and I lift them.
Gizelle kicks them
one more inch
deeper into the ground.
Gizelle's need
to attack others
is because it deflects
from others
asking her questions
about her own life.
No one is off limits,
including robyn.
Who is next?
- You know, he's never
said that, like,
"I'm not gonna marry you
because of this,"
but I think if
I were to get better--
- mm-hmm.
- That our-our relationship
would be even better.
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you know what I mean?
- This-- uh-- uh--
- but, robyn, you have--
you have-you have kids.
Are you neglecting
your children
because--
- in a way.
- Oh, wow.
- Robyn!
- Corey has a 48% in english.
- What?
- This was, like,
a few weeks ago.
So, where corey,
the year before,
had straight as.
- Do you think that you
are functioning at 100%?
- I know that I'm not.
Even though my business
is doing extremely well--
- mm-hmm.
- It could be doing--
- better.
- Mm-hmm.
- Ten times better.
- I've been depressed before,
and the symptoms that you're--
what you're saying,
really sounds
like depression.
- Are you depressed?
- I believe I'm
seasonally depressed.
- Okay.
- Do you?
- But now that it's springtime,
let's see what happens.
- Okay.
- But I always go through this.
- Do you get that every year?
- Yes, every year.
- That's a real--
that's a real thing.
- Robyn, you're-you're
getting back in the bed,
and you're in the bed
until noon.
That's a problem.
- I wanna say it's,
like, a combination
of seasonal depression.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yes.
- Just, like,
getting in a rut.
Like, my personality
doesn't like structure.
- Mm-hmm.
- Is it an extension
of my personality,
being laid back,
or is it, like, laziness
or lack of motivation?
- Right.
- Which I don't know.
I almost feel like
I need to see, like,
not necessarily
a therapist
but, like, a life coach.
- A life coach.
- Yeah.
- It needs to be
a combination of the two,
but I think it may be
more than that.
It's like you understand
that what you need to do
is important.
- Right.
- But you just don't
have the motivation
or the energy to do it.
- Right.
I don't think
I'm depressed,
but maybe the ladies
at the table have a point.
Maybe there's
something else there
that I need to explore
because I'm trying to
figure out what's going on,
and I don't know.
- How about start
talking to your friends?
This is a good start.
- And she is.
- Well, yeah, this is--
here we go.
- This a good start.
No, seriously,
'cause a lot of people
don't even start there.
- No, I-I do need help.
- The more I eat,
the bigger my breasts get.
- We're about to talk
about that.
[laughing]
- oh, god.
- But you-you're not facing
anything I haven't faced.
I don't think,
if we're all honest,
we all have faced.
- Right.
- Yes.
- I'm facing it, right now.
- I'm also right where
you are, robyn, yes.
- I'm right-I'm right
where you are, robyn.
- Right.
- I feel overwhelmed.
That's my-that's my issue.
I have too much on my plate.
- I just have one more thing
to add to that.
I was talking to
robyn earlier.
- Okay.
- We were just chit-chatting.
You're, like,
in a whole new space
and in a whole new something.
- I am, yeah.
- I can't put
my finger on it.
It's-- there's a difference.
- Can I just add to
that a little bit?
I feel like your personality
is slightly different.
- I have-- I've seen
more of your body parts
in the past month.
- Yes.
- Than I have the entire time
I've known you.
- Yeah, the difference is,
clearly, I had my boobs done.
- Having nothing
to do with that.
- You've been a little more
like drop it like it's hot.
Booty poppin'.
- So--
- you know, just I feel like
the-the wendy I met last year
was not that loose.
Keand in a whole new something.
A - I am, yeah.Ce
- I can't put
my finger on it.
There's a difference.
I've seen more
of your body parts
in the past month.
- Yes.
- Than I have the entire time
I've known you.
- The difference is,
I had my boobs done.
- I feel like the wendy
I met last year
was not that loose.
- Wow, tweedle and twaddle,
why are you
badgering wendy?
Worry about
your own areolas.
Like, why are you
in her business?
- It's-it's totally
not the wendy that I met.
- Hmm.
- It is way different
from professor wendy,
um, substance wendy.
- We are often put
in a box
that you cannot be sexy
and have substance.
- Okay, okay, can I point
one thing out that--
that has stood out to me?
- I don't know, I think
I disagree with that
because you would never
see michelle obama
with her boobies out.
You will never see oprah
with her boobies out, right?
Because you say don't put
ourselves in a box, but damn.
Like, if you're a professor,
you have to embody that and--
'cause that's who you are.
- No, you do not.
That's a lie.
That's-- that's a lie.
I stand before you as someone
who still has multiple degrees,
who is still a professor at one
of the highest institutions,
who is still a commentator,
who still does all
of those things.
- Right.
- And that does not take away
from any of my accolades.
You said, "substance wendy."
that's triggering,
especially for a career woman.
- Mm-hmm.
- You were sexy last year.
You were sexy last year.
- I-I define my sexiness,
not you.
- I'm saying I can't
put my finger on
what's different with you,
what robyn said,
with your personality.
- Yeah.
I think my personality
is me being confident
in the skin I'm in both
physically and substantively.
- So, you weren't
confident last year
with your body?
- Right.
- No woman at this table
two months postpartum
is the woman she was
before she had the baby.
- Absolutely. Hello.
- Do you feel like this body
has made you more confident
or has changed
your personality?
- It's not that
it's changed me,
but it's like I can be
a professor, a commentator,
and I can booty pop
and twerk.
- Wendy, don't
defend your choice
to do something
for yourself.
We should be able to do that
among this table of girlfriends.
- We do, and that's not
the issue or the question.
- We should be able-- I should
be able to show my pubic hair
if I wanted to because--
- okay.
- You know, and y'all should
be going, "yes, karen. Yes."
- I don't wanna
see pubic hair.
What kinda got me here
to this conversation
that I'm having with you
today is, like,
you're kinda coming for
mia's neck, and it was,
like, a little bit more
in your face, so to speak,
than I've seen from you
in the past.
- I didn't come for you
at karen's house
'cause I respect people's house.
- Wen-- wendy.
- But today, I have time.
- Hmm.
- I am zen wen.
So, do not try to come for me
because what I do have,
and what I will
always have, is time.
So, tick tock, mia.
You are dismissed.
No.
- I will say,
I still don't know
why we were arguing.
- Yeah, so what you saw
wasn't me just reacting
to that day.
- Okay.
- It was me reacting to
the cumulation of days.
- I got you.
I like wendy.
I want wendy to be happy.
It doesn't seem
like she is.
It seems like there's
something internally going on
underneath it all
that she's trying to mask.
- Do you have any
other questions?
- Yes.
- Since you've been asking
everybody questions.
- Yes, yes.
- There have been
a few conversations
in regards to
your significant other.
- Mm-hmm.
- And it's just
a bit confusing.
So, I just wanted
to know from you,
are you in
a relationship?
- I'm not gonna discuss
that in front of trolls.
There's people that have
decided to lie about him
and say things about him.
So, when we're
together separately--
- okay.
- I'll be more than happy to
answer all your questions.
- That's not fair.
- No, no, hold on.
Gizelle,
that's not fair.
- I do not have any
desire to discuss him
in front of her.
So, that's totally fair.
- Please do not
speak of me as a lie.
Your life is a lie.
- Now, your life is a lie.
[laughing]
- you want to have
your opinion and your say
about all of our lives
very deeply in detail.
- This is what I told you.
- However, when we question you
about your situation, your life,
you are very defensive.
- That's not true, karen.
- And then you attack.
♪♪
- when we question you about
your situation, your life,
you are very defensive.
- That's not true, karen.
- And then you attack.
- You are kinda
defensive, though.
- Karen, you are a liar.
You are a troll.
- No, and, gizelle,
you are a liar.
- Okay.
- You're a stalker, but I--
I'm not gonna put the girl--
I promise you.
[laughing]
- who have I stalked?
- I live rent free
in your brain.
- Give-give that back
to whoever gave it to ya.
- We're good.
♪♪
- okay, are we ready to go?
- Yeah, yeah.
- And, wendy, yes,
I wanted to tell you.
Um, you were drop
dead gorgeous before.
- Thank you.
- And I don't want the changes
in your body to define you.
- Thank you.
You're very sweet.
I'm gonna be wearing
sweaters movin' forward
'cause you guys got me--
- I love it.
- Wendy, we can't ask?
If I can't ask wendy questions,
it's a problem.
- All right.
Let's vamonos.
♪♪
- let's do it again.
[laughing]
♪♪
- thank you so much
and good night.
- Fallin' out
the car, chile.
Can I just say I'm so glad
you ladies are my roommates?
- Uh-huh.
- I am, too.
- I am. I really am.
- There is peace in this house.
Oh, my feet.
- Thing on my head...
♪♪
- do you think wendy is, like,
in her head, right now?
- Oh, 100%.
- I feel like she's probably--
I don't know.
She's the type that
she's-she's gonna appear
like she doesn't mind
or, you know, she's okay,
but I think it's probably--
- yeah.
I'm glad we talked to her.
- Yes.
- I'm glad we got it out.
- Oh, yeah.
- Prior to this moment,
I thought my relationship
with gizelle was good.
What does she mean
I have no substance?
Gizelle, my left implant
has more substance than you.
- Get a good night's sleep.
Tomorrow is gonna be...
A lot of communication.
♪♪
- six, seven, two, shoe,
push, push, around.
- Yes.
- Cool.
- I guess this is
a part of walking
in your bad bitchery
is like.
You gotta work
on vacation.
- And when you get back,
we'll shoot the music video,
both of 'em.
- Oh, my god.
I know that I have a lot
to prove with these videos
so that I'm taken
seriously as an artist.
♪ you must really
think I'm playin' ♪
♪ reverse the conversation ♪
I want the respect
of the greats
in the music industry.
- Hi, princess.
- Hi.
- Tell mommy you got up
during the night
and went poop
all by yourself.
- Yeah.
- Oh, you did.
I'm proud of you.
- That's my--
you're proud of you, too.
- You're, uh, you're trying
to get yourself together?
- Well, no, not yet.
I'm actually just getting
ready to check emails.
- Okay.
- I'm always working,
even on vacation,
but I can definitely see how,
if I don't make a change
and start being more conscious
of being around my children
and being present,
that they can grow up
and say, "well,
mommy was always working."
- you might need a vacation
from your vacation.
- I was just thinking--
where do you wanna go?
Ha!
[snoring]
♪♪
- come on, wendy.
Show me the walk.
Go.
♪♪
yes.
- We gotta stop and look.
- Okay.
- Okay, now.
[laughing]
- I don't know. How'd you sleep,
though, first of all?
- Um, I didn't sleep well.
- Why?
- Because of the babies.
- Oh, did you--
- uh, you know, um, so,
are they okay?
Do they miss me?
- Of course, they do, wendy.
- I know.
I can't get over this.
This is a moment.
- I thought I'd celebrate
gizelle's failed coup attempt.
- Oh, you better celebrate
the failed coup attempt.
[laughing]
- you know what?
Are you covered up?
You're a little more
conservative today.
Why?
You're going to a pool.
- Mmm.
- If you're dressing for her,
go change your ----ing clothes.
[laughing]
- no, I have my clothes.
- Okay, because--
- I have my pool attire.
I just wanted to do
breakfast like this.
- I wanna say that
you did not deserve
that line of questioning
last night.
That pretty much was,
in my opinion, an attack, okay?
You're a beautiful woman.
You know, you like
twerking because you can.
- Mm-hmm.
- Gizelle has been wiggling
her fat vagina at us
for five years.
My point is, she does
the same thing you do.
- Mmm.
- Don't dim your light for her.
So, when you have
someone like gizelle,
who I felt like
was a big sister,
telling me, "last year,
you had substance,"
so, this year,
basically, I don't,
that hurt.
- I understand.
I know it hurts you.
- It did.
It bothered me.
- Come here.
Come, come, come.
- I'm sorry.
- Mm-hmm.
- Thank you.
- No, no, no.
You listen to me,
my sister.
You can cry now.
Don't you give her that.
- Mmm.
- Don't you dare.
You wanna do it now?
You do it now.
It's only when women
are insecure
that they tear down
another sister.
♪♪
- next time, on
"the real housewives
of potomac"...
- Ooh!
- All: Ooh!
[laughing]
- hello, everybody!
- Hi!
- Oh, oh, pardon me.
- If my breasts
bother you so much,
you're gonna see them
just a little bit more.
♪♪
- your whiskey is here,
young lady.
- Yay!
- Whoo!
- No. Wait. No!
- Oh, my god!
How is robyn gonna get better
and get outta this funk?
'cause you cannot have
your fine husband--
- yes.
- Telling you
you're unattractive.
- Gizelle told me there
is this article about eddie.
This has been discussed
if that's contributing
to why you are
turning over this leaf.
- Oh...
You chose to bring up the thing
about me and my husband.
That speaks about
your character.
I'm putting your ass
on notice.
- Mmm.
- Don't (bleep)
with my family.
(bleep) these
mother----ing cameras.
- Why are you bringing
that into the group?
- It's a lie.
- Take your milk
and get the (bleep) out.